A laptop computer sitting on top of a dark wooden desk.
a small desk with a laptop computer on it .
A desk with office equipment and powered on computer on it.
A laptop computer, pens, and paper on a desk.
The computer is still on waiting for it's owner to return.
A woman riding a bike down a bike trail.
A woman looks behind her and smiles on a bicycle by water.
A woman is riding a bike along a pathway beside a lake.
a woman riding a bicycle on the sidewalk next to a body of water
A very pretty girl on a bike by the water.
An old wooden bench sitting beside a bush
A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a jungle.
An old wooden bench in nature surrounded by plants.
A plant is growing behind the old bench
there is a bench that is next to many plants
A large bathroom with a mirror and a towel rack.
A man taking a picture of himself in a mirror in a bathroom while he is in another room.
a bathroom with a sink and door inside of it 
A room that has a mirror and sink in it.
A person taking a picture of themselves in a bathroom mirror.
A bathroom with green walls that has two sinks and two toilets with one bathtub. 
A bathroom with a tub next to a sink and two toilets.
A bathroom with a tub, shower head, sink, and mirror.
A white bath and a sink in a room.
A newly remodeled, very large bathroom painted green.
a computer screen with a keyboard and mouse on a desk
A big computer table with computer, keyboard,mouse,speakers and laptop.
There is the job dude of a office with desk
There's a computer monitor on a desk with speakers around it
A computer set up on a wooden desk.
A parking meter next to a parked car.
a parking meter sits next to a parked car
The front of a car is touching the parking meter.  
a gray double parking meter and a black car
A parking meter with a truck parked very close.
Closeup of a plate of food that includes chicken, mushrooms and broccoli.
Extreme close up of a cooked chicken, mushroom, and broccoli dish.
Chicken and mushrooms served with broccoli garnished with parsley.
The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. 
Some sort of chicken dish with broccoli spears on side of plate
a silver oven and microwave built into a kitchen wall
A combination oven and microwave embedded in a kitchen wall.
Grey and black oven and microwave in the middle of wooden cabinets.
A shiny metal oven and microwave with some wooden cabinets.
A stainless steel microwave and oven in a kitchen.
A man wearing a blue shirt catching a white frisbee.
a man in a blue shirt playing with a white ball
A man catching a frisbee in a park 
the woman is playing frisbee a the family picnic in the park.
A man in a grassy field about to catch a frisbee.
A red stop sign sitting next to a forest.
Stop sign with a tree branch touching it.
A stop sgn with a branch in front of it
Ice covered tree branch rubbing a stop sign. 
A stop sign with trees and tree branches close to it. 
a tennis player doing a practice swing in a tennis court stadium
A tennis player is swinging a racket by himself.
A man practicing his swing of a tennis racket.
Guy with tennis racket out stretched in front of vacant stadium chairs. 
Man dressed in black holding a tennis racquet.
many different slices of pizza with a white sauce.
Six different pictures of single slices of pizza.
a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate
Several pictures containing several different types of pizza.
Pictures of several different types of quiche prepared differently.
A little boy on the beach trying to fly a kite.
a boy with a kite on the ground at the beach
A little boy on a beach trying to get his kite to fly.
A little boy winding up string with this kite on the ground.
There is a small boy on the beach playing with a kite
two women standing around a living room with wii motes
A picture of two people playing a game.
two people standing next to an indoor plant playing nintendo wii
two women wearing brown tops are playing a video game
TWO WOMEN HAVING FUN WITH A PALM BETWEEN THEM
Many signs, including a detour and no turning signs. 
several street signs on a corner of a residential area
Street signs that are showing the directions to a detour.
A lot of different traffic signs telling a person where to go.
several different street signs describing things along the road
a young man walking in front of an elephant with a woman riding on it's back.
Man leading an elephant down a trail with a woman riding.
A man on foot leading an woman riding and an elephant.
A woman riding an elephant being lead by a man
A woman rides an elephant led by a man in front.
A man is in a tv frame and making a funny face. 
A man on the beach does a mock TV performance.
A man is sitting in a fake TV box entertaining. 
A man standing behind a prop of a tv set.
A man yells while standing inside a replica of a television set.
A man is pretending he is on television.
An apple laptop on a dark colored table with a control panel in front of it.
SOME KIND OF ELECTRONIC SHOWN BY APPLE COMPUTERS
a old apple lap top sitting on a table
A laptop computer that is next to an electrical device.
An apple laptop beside some gadgets sitting on a table. 
A plate with a sandwich and a salad next to a pickle.
A picture of a salad, pickle and sandwich. 
The plate has a sandwich near half of a sandwich.
A plate that has a sandwich and salad on it
A salad served with a pickle and small sandwich.
A red fire hydrant next to some tall grass and a metal post.
A red fire hydrant sitting next to a metal pole.
There is a red fire hydrant that is on the corner
a red fire hydrant  is by a house
A red fire hydrant that is in the dirt.
A young boy holding a tennis racquet while standing in front of a tennis ball.
A small boy holding a tennis racket intently stares at a tennis ball in the air. 
a person hitting a tennis ball in the air with a tennis racket
A boy bounces a tennis ball on a racket. 
A boy with a tennis racket bouncing a tennis ball in the air.
A women who is jumping in the air with a tennis racket in hand.
Woman plying tennis focusing on hitting the ball.
A woman swings her racket on a tennis court.
A woman wearing a tennis skirt raises her raquet.
A woman on a court with a tennis racket.
A variety of cakes in a lighted window.
A lighted refrigerator displaying a variety of cakes.
A display case with several shelves filled with cakes.
A display case of cakes illuminated in darkness by lights.
In a dark room a cake display is lit up.
Two people surfing a beautiful sky blue wave.
two people riding surf boards on a wave
Two people using surfboards on a large wave
A surf boarder who is riding a wave.
There are two people surfing on the water.
A mounted police officer riding down a city street past parked cars.
A gentleman riding a horse down a city street.
A man rides a horse down a city street.
Man riding white horse in the street while others watch.
A man on a horse walking down the middle of a street.
The elephant is standing by himself outside by the water.
an elephant and some green grass water and trees
A lone bull elephant standing near a watering hole.
An elephant is standing next to a river.
A elephant that is standing in the grass.
A man is photographed on a bench in a sepia photo.
A man sitting on a bench staring into the middle distant.
A strong man wearing a white tshirt sitting on a bench.
A man is sitting on a wood bench in an open field.
a man is sitting on a bench outside
a computer that has a mouse and a keyboard
There is a vintage computer with a keyboard and mouse.
Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug. 
an old computer sits on a wooden desk
A MacIntosh computer with a keyboard and mouse sitting on a desk.
a hand holding a pink and white cup  and a keyboard
A hand is holding a coffee cup with swans on it.
A coffee mug featuring 2 pink flamingos 
there are two flamingos on a coffee cup
A coffee mug displays two flamingos on a flowery background.
a man sits in a recliner with his laptop
A man sitting in a  chair with a laptop computer.
A man with an Eeyore shirt on a laptop on his lap.
A man sitting on a chair with his laptop.
a tall person working on the computer sitting in a chair
a close up of a cat on a bath room sink
A cat sitting on top of a bathroom sink counter.
A cat that is sitting on a sink.
A cat sitting on the edge of a bathroom sink.
A black and white cats sits on the edge of a sink.
A row of motorcycles parked on the pavement.
A row of motorcycles are lined up in a parking area. 
Motorcycles are in a row showing off how pretty they are.
A black motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles. 
many motorcycles parked in a row and a black one in front